elder sister
What Xie Linglong said is terrible
It turns out that this will be nothing more than the evening moon
Miss, the regent has really appointed a side concubine
Maybe, before you get married, you can make a side concubine first
Shangguan Wang Yanfu is not shallow
If this is true
What can you do then?
I, I can break off the marriage again at most
Father heard that the emperor ordered you to go to the capital for treatment
Yes
If the emperor wants my name, go
Dad didn't want to hang on to this
But this is it.
Be careful of the one above
Daughter knows
Dad, you are not fully healed yet.
Have a good rest.
Don't worry too much.
Miss, what happened today
Are you sure?
You have to have it.
Otherwise, it is to catch up with this emperor's eighth handle